Machine transcript review aid — SRC-MGB-VIDEO-0001

Generated: 2026-08-10
Model: mlx-community/whisper-small-mlx via mlx-whisper 0.4.3
Language: English
Status: Unedited machine transcription; known recognition errors remain. This file is not canonical knowledge and must be interpreted only with the source-specific audio-visual review and original MP4.

Hi and welcome. The purpose of this video is to demonstrate the basic functionality of FedEx Customer Connection, or FCC. An application that gives contracted service provider, authorized officers, and business contacts electronic access to their businesses, pickup, and delivery information. FCC is available through MyGroundBiz Account, or MGBA, and can be accessed by computer, tablet, or mobile phone. For the purpose of this demonstration, I will display the application on a desktop computer. Screens will look slightly different when accessed via tablet or mobile phone. Now let's begin with accessing the application. In order to access the application, you must first log in to your MyGroundBiz account. By default, all authorized officers have access to FCC. Authorized officers can delegate access to business contacts via the Delegate Task to Business Contact link located in the Workforce Information subsection. All steps retained to this are available through the TET guide in helpful links. To open FCC, click on the FCC icon located near the top of the page, just below the Message Center section. The first time you open the application, you'll be prompted to review the terms and conditions. After you accept the terms and conditions, you'll be redirected to the FCC application home page. FCC contains multiple features, each accessible through tabs that line the bottom of the page. Each tab has the option to export data in an Excel file. From the Messaging tab, you can send messages to and receive messages from your business' drivers, CPC, and other contracted service providers. You can sign up to receive text or email notifications of new messages by clicking the gear icon at the top right of the page, go into Settings, and enter in your information. You can also enable pitch up reminders for your business' work areas. The P&D Manifest tab displays the pitch up listings and delivery manifests of your business' work areas. Here, you can transfer pitch ups between work areas and offer to subcontract pitch ups to other CSPs. This tab also offers the ability to map the stops on the pitch up and delivery manifests. The Service Area Status tab displays pitch up and delivery results for your business' work areas, including stop level details. This tab also offers the ability to map completed stops and star event stamps. These include the stop open and stop close locations. The Pitch Up Alerts tab provides a list of at risk pitch ups. This includes pitch ups within 30 and 15 minutes of the window close time, and also transferred pitch ups. From the Reorder Pitch Up Listings tab, you can determine the order in which scheduled pitch ups appear on the pitch up listings for your business' work areas. This tab utilizes drag and drop functionality. Any changes made will be submitted electronically to CPC and reflected on the next day's pitch up listings. The Pitch Up Assignments tab gives you the ability to temporarily or permanently reassign pitch ups amongst your business' work areas. The Future Pitch Ups tab displays new pitch ups scheduled to begin in the future. In the following videos, we will demonstrate more detailed functionality within these tabs.

