Machine transcript review aid — SRC-MGB-VIDEO-0003

Generated: 2026-08-10
Model: mlx-community/whisper-small-mlx via mlx-whisper 0.4.3
Language: English
Status: Unedited machine transcription; known recognition errors remain. This file is not canonical knowledge and must be interpreted only with the source-specific audio-visual review and original MP4.

Hi and welcome. The purpose of this video is to demonstrate the basic functionality of the pickup and delivery manifest section of FedEx Customer Connection, or FCC, an application that gives contracted service provider, authorized officers, and business contacts electronic access to their businesses pickup and delivery information. FCC is available through MyGroundBiz Account or MGBA, and can be accessed by computer, tablet, or mobile phone. For the purpose of this demonstration, I will display the application on a desktop computer. Screens will look slightly different when accessed via tablet or mobile phone. The P&D Manifest tab displays the pickup listings and delivery manifest of your business's work areas. To view a pickup manifest, select a work area and click Search. The date will default to the current day, but pickup manifests are available for up to 30 calendar days. To title between your associated work areas, click on the work area in the related work areas box. STAR scanner login information pertaining to the selected work area is visible in the work area info box. The table displays a summary of the latest pickup and delivery stop information for the selected work area, including last transmission time and pickup and delivery totals. The table below displays the details of the pickup manifest for the selected work area. Clicking on the arrow in the first column will display any window updates for the pickup. Clicking on the message icon will take you to the message screen with all the information about the pickup populated in the message and the STAR scanner user displayed in the recipient field. All fields are editable on this screen. Additional information regarding the pickup can be viewed by hovering the cursor over the shipper name. Pickup close time, reason code, and package count will be updated as pickups are completed throughout the day. If a pickup is completed outside of the customer defined pickup window, it will be shaded in red. To transfer a pickup to another work area, subcontract a pickup to another business or notify CPC of a pickup that is incorrectly assigned to your business. Select the pickup by clicking on the associated row. Selected pickups will turn blue. To transfer the pickup to a different work area of your business, select the transfer option and then select the destination work area and click send. To subcontract the pickup to another business, select the offer option and select the destination business contact and click send. The subcontract offer must be accepted by the destination business contact before the pickup will be removed from the business's work area. To notify CPC of an incorrectly assigned pickup, select the not my pickup option and click send. CPC will research the pickup and will notify you of any changes. To view the vision delivery manifest of the selected work area, click the delivery manifest tab. At this time, delivery manifests are only available for ground work areas. Delivery manifests are available for five calendar days. The information that displays is the delivery manifest at the time it was downloaded to the star device. This information is static and does not reflect additional information pertaining to the completion of the delivery. Completed stops will be highlighted in green. Stop completion details are available on the service area status tab. Clicking on the arrow in the first column will display the tracking ID information, premium services, contact phone number, and stop instructions if applicable. Mapping functionality is available from both the pickup and delivery manifest screens. Simply select one or multiple rows and click the map button. The selected stops will be displayed on a map with details available by clicking on individual map points. Standard zoom and pan functions are available.

