Machine transcript review aid — SRC-MGB-VIDEO-0006

Generated: 2026-08-10
Model: mlx-community/whisper-small-mlx via mlx-whisper 0.4.3
Language: English
Status: Unedited machine transcription; known recognition errors remain. This file is not canonical knowledge and must be interpreted only with the source-specific audio-visual review and original MP4.

Hi and welcome. The purpose of this video is to demonstrate the basic functionality of the planning tabs within FedEx Customer Connection, or FCC. An application that gives contracted service provider, authorized officers, and business contacts electronic access to their businesses pickup and delivery information. FCC is available through MyGroundBiz Account or MGBA, and can be accessed by computer, tablet, or mobile phone. For the purpose of this demonstration, I will display the application on a desktop computer. Screens will look slightly different when accessed via tablet or mobile phone. Over the course of this demonstration, I will be reviewing the basic functionality within the Reorder Pickup Listings, Pickup Assignments, and Future Pickups tabs. On the Reorder Pickup Listings tab, which is only available when accessed in FCC on a desktop computer, you have the ability to determine the order in which scheduled pickups display on your business's pickup listings. To do this, select the work area and click the search button. This will display a list of all scheduled pickups assigned to this work area. By default, newly accepted scheduled pickups appear at the bottom of the pickup listing. In order to change the order, simply put on the pickup you wish to move and drag it to the desired position on the list. Release the mouse, and the listing will display the new order. When all desired changes have been made, submit to CPC, and the changes will be reflected on the next day's pickup listing. The Pickup Assignments tab, which is only accessible when accessed in FCC on a desktop computer, allows you to reassign scheduled pickups between your business's work areas. To reassign pickups, first select the work area to which the pickups are currently assigned, and click search. From the list, select the pickups you wish to reassign. These pickups will then be highlighted in blue. To temporarily reassign, select the work area to which you wish to move the pickups and enter the effective date and the expiration date. To permanently reassign, select the destination work area and the effective date. From this screen, you also have the option to notify CPC that a pickup has been incorrectly assigned to your business. After making your selections, you can enter additional comments and click submit to CPC. Upon submission, the reassignments will then be reflected on the pickup listing on the selected effective date. The final planning tab is future pickups. Clicking search on this page retrieves all regular scheduled pickups that have been accepted and assigned to your business's work areas, that have an initial pickup date in the future. This page also displays scheduled pickups that have a customer-defined window change to take effect on a future date. After the initial pickup date, this information will no longer appear on the future pickups tab.

