Machine transcript review aid — SRC-MGB-VIDEO-0004

Generated: 2026-08-10
Model: mlx-community/whisper-small-mlx via mlx-whisper 0.4.3
Language: English
Status: Unedited machine transcription; known recognition errors remain. This file is not canonical knowledge and must be interpreted only with the source-specific audio-visual review and original MP4.

Hi and welcome. The purpose of this video is to demonstrate the basic functionality of the service area status tab within FedEx Customer Connection, or FCC. A feature that gives contracted service provider, authorized officers, and business contacts visibility to their business' real-time pickup and delivery information, including scanning activity. FCC is available through MyGroundBiz Account, or MGBA, and can be accessed by computer, tablet, or mobile phone. For the purpose of this demonstration, I will display the application on a desktop computer. The screen will look slightly different when accessed via tablet or mobile phone. The service area status tab displays pickup and delivery activity for your business' work areas in real-time, including stop-level details. In order to view the information, you must first select the date and service area. By default, these selections are set to the current day and all service areas. However, you have the ability to view historical data for the past 30 days. Please note, the current day and historical information displayed in this tab reflects only pickup and delivery data, as originally recorded through the STAR device. It does not reflect any later adjustments. You may also apply filters to view specific service areas, or to view only work areas in which your business has an employee-lawed den on a STAR device. Select the desired filter criteria, and click the search button to display the relevant information. The service area status provides detailed work area information, including the most recent delivery and pickup address, the most recent scanner transmission times, and the total number of pickups and deliveries completed. Work areas with assigned pickups but no active STAR device are highlighted in yellow, while work areas that have an unavailable login status are highlighted in gray. You can send messages to the STAR device from this screen. Click the envelope icon to open the new message screen with the corresponding work area pre-populated in the recipient's box. You can view detailed pickup and delivery information for active work areas by clicking the drill-down icon. This displays the sequence of pickups and deliveries completed, including the stop time, stop type, number of packages scanned, and any stop level reason or status codes that were applied. Mapping functionality is available on this page at a work area and individual stop level. To map stops completed in a work area, select the work area and click the map it button at the top of the page. All pickup and delivery stops for the selected work area will be displayed on a map. Details are available by clicking out individual map points. Standard zoom and pan functions are available. Pickups are indicated in purple, and delivery stops in orange. An exclamation point after the number indicates a stop level reason or status code was applied at the stop. To map an individual stop, click the drill-down button and select the stop you wish to map. Then click the map it button above the table. A map will be generated that shows the GPS coordinates of the stop address in purple, the location where the stop was opened in green, the location where the stop was closed in red, and the location where the stop level delivery status code was applied applicable in yellow.

