Machine transcript review aid — SRC-MGB-VIDEO-0002

Generated: 2026-08-10
Model: mlx-community/whisper-small-mlx via mlx-whisper 0.4.3
Language: English
Status: Unedited machine transcription; known recognition errors remain. This file is not canonical knowledge and must be interpreted only with the source-specific audio-visual review and original MP4.

Hi, and welcome. The purpose of this video is to demonstrate the functionality of messaging on FedEx Customer Connection, or FCC, an application that gives contracted service provider, authorized officers, and business contacts electronic access to their businesses' pickup and delivery information. FCC is available through MyGroundBiz Account, or MGBA, and can be accessed by computer, tablet, or mobile phone. For the purpose of this demonstration, I will display the application on a desktop computer. Screens will look slightly different when accessed via tablet or mobile phone. The messaging tab consists of the inbox, sent queue, message history, new message, sales leads, and separate risk screens. The inbox will display messages from your business' employees, CPC, and other contracted service providers, or CSPs. New messages to the inbox will display in red font until they are added on, or marked as red. Holding or hovering the cursor over the text in the message field displays message content. Other types of messages that appear in the inbox are pickup research requests, known as PRRs, package research cases, known as PRCs, sent from CPC, and pickup offers from CPC and other CSPs. Depending upon the message type, different actions will be available. The sent queue is where you can view messages you have sent to your business' employees, CPC, and other CSPs. The message history queue is where you can view all messages sent or received in the last 30 days. The new message screen is where you can compose and send a message to other CSPs, to your business' employees, or to CPC. To send a message to another CSP, select the Another Business Contact radio button in the appropriate station. Select and add one or more recipients, choose a subject if desired, and compose your message. When the message is ready, click Send. To send a message to your business' employees, select the One of My Work Areas radio button and select and add individual or all work areas from the list. Choose a subject if desired, and compose your message. When the message is ready, click Send. To send a message to CPC, select the CPC radio button. All other field navigation works the same. The Sales Lead screen allows you to submit a lead to CPC for sales follow-up. All fields with red font are required. Once the form is completed, click Send to submit the sales lead to CPC. The Shipret Risk screen allows you to submit a Shipret Risk message to CPC for sales follow-up. All fields are required in this form. Once the form is completed, click Send to submit the Shipret Risk message to CPC. CPC is a non-profit organization that provides a variety of services to the CPC. The CPC is a non-profit organization that provides a variety of services to the CPC. The CPC is a non-profit organization that provides a variety of services to the CPC. The CPC is a non-profit organization that provides a variety of services to the CPC. The CPC is a non-profit organization that provides a variety of services to the CPC.

